support filter in HomePageVisitedByType (#21470)
backstage/backstage: plugins/home/README.md

);
```

You can filter the items that are shown in the component.
this can be done by using the config file.
Filtering is done by using 3 parameters:

- `field` - define which field to filter. can be one of the following
  - id: string
  - name: string
  - pathname: string
  - hits: number
  - timestamp: number

>   - entityRef: string

Reviewer: Vale isn't happy with `entityRef`, if you put backticks (`) around it that is one way to fix it

);
```

You can filter the items that are shown in the component.
this can be done by using the config file.
Filtering is done by using 3 parameters:

- `field` - define which field to filter. can be one of the following
  - `id`: string
  - `name`: string
  - `pathname`: string
  - `hits`: number
  - `timestamp`: number
  - `entityRef`: string
- `operator` - can be one of the following `'<' | '<=' | '==' | '!=' | '>' | '>=' | 'contains'`
- `value` - the value of the filter

```yaml
home:
  recentVisits:
    filterBy:
      - field:
        operator:
        value:
  topVisits:
    filterBy:
      - field:
        operator:
        value:
```

> Filters that are not defined according to the docs will be ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`filterBy` configs that are not defined in the above format will be ignored. 
```
